For this level you need to focus on the functionality of more. I you check the “more” manual, you will see the v option which you don’t write as a command but you type “v” on your keyboard whilst you’re in more. “more” displays the contents of a file in terminal - e.g. if the file is very big and you slide down the content, that is more.
The way you realise the importance of this function is by checking what bandit26 uses if not “bash” (info from question), that is done by “cat /etc/passwd | arep “bandit26””, basically opening all the content for passwords and selecting the line that talks about bandit26. Then you “cat” that information (“/usr/bin/showtext”) and you get exec more ~/text.txt. If you minimise the window, more will pop up (just physically drag the corners to make it as small as possible). You type something you learned in one of the previous levels:
“ssh -i bandit26.sshkey -p 2220 bandit26@localhost” - you know about that ssh key because a lot of the times, the first thing to do whilst entering a new bandit level is to type “ls” and you will see it’s the only non-hidden file.
You will see more in the corner and at that moment, you type “v” - that way you will then see “~/text.txt” so you’re on the right track.
Then you need to look at what you can do with vi/vim and see you have some options - “Insert Mode” which lets you write in the file and “Escape Mode”, where you “:” to save with “wq” or quit without saving with “q!”. But you can also “:read” and if you “:read etc/bandit_pass/bandit26”, the password will pop up at the bottom of the page.
