Check the specs and looked at nmap (short for network mapping)
One of its options is -p which refers to port scanning, to which you can add a range of ports.
The port range in the question is 31000-32000, so the first part of the command is “nmap -p31000-32000”
The synopsis tells us that a host is also needed, which is “localhost” in our case.
In “Options Summary”, we can see -sV, which scans inside those ports and tells us whether they speak SSL/TLS or not
Therefore, the first command is “nmap -p31000-32000 -sV localhost” - this function shows us only 5 ports actually listen and only 2 out of those speak SSL/TLS
Then try openssl s_client -connect localhost:port like in the previous level, but the problem is maybe due to the password starting with “k” or maybe a bug or maybe intentionally, this command will endlessly ask for the current password and display “KEYUPDATE”. The exercise also notes that in case this happens, you have to go to “CONNECTED COMMANDS”.
I checked that section and saw mentions of “-quiet” and “-ign_eof”, so when I checked “-quiet”, I saw it implicitly turns on “ign_eof” as well, which “inhibits shutting down the connection when end of file is reached in the input”. “-quiet” also inhibits printing of session and certification information.
When using “openssl s_client -quiet -connect localhost:port” (the 2 options were 31518 and 31790),  the first one will just give you back what you typed, but the second one will say correct and give you a private key. I knew I had to take that key and save it in a file, which I will later apply the function I learnt in Level 14 to it (ssh -I private key bandit17@localhost)
I haven’t used nano until this moment, but when surfing the net, saw that this option can help me create file using copied content. Cmd + C to copy the key content, nano *named it sshkey16.private* (which I added in a folder “bandit16game” in “tmp” so I used “mkdir” for that) in the “bandit16game” sub-directory, then “ctrl + O” to save the content in a file, then “ctrl+X” to exit. Before “ssh -I” you need to “chmod 600” it, which basically means “read/write for you, no access to anyone else” which will make the key private. OpenSSH is picky about key permissions, so it refuses a key file if other can read it. Then you run the “ssh -i sshkey16.private bandit17@localhost” which will take you to the next level. When in bandit17, just like in bandit14, you cat “/etc/bandit_pass/bandit17” and the password is there.
